Add information for upgrading from OIDC to Structured Authentication config (#12316)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot/shoot_kubernetes_versions.md

## Upgrading to Kubernetes `v1.32`

> [!TIP]
> It is recommended to [migrate from OIDC to `StructuredAuthentication`](shoot_access.md#migrating-from-oidc-to-structured-authentication-config) before updating to Kubernetes v1.32 in order to avoid not being able to revert the change.

- The `Shoot`'s `spec.kubernetes.kubeAPIServer.oidcConfig` field is forbidden.

> - `Shoot` owners that have used `oidcConfig` are recommended to [configure `StructuredAuthentication`](shoot_access.md#migrating-from-oidc-to-structured-authentication-config). More information about `StructuredAuthentication` can be found in [Shoot Access](./shoot_access.md#structured-authentication).

Reviewer: - I would rather make it a sub-bullet of the above one as it is related to the above one.
- Are you recommended to migrate to or are you required to migrate? I guess it is the latter.

```suggestion
  - `Shoot` owners that have used `oidcConfig` are required to [migrate to `StructuredAuthentication`](shoot_access.md#migrating-from-oidc-to-structured-authentication-config). More information about `StructuredAuthentication` can be found in [Structured Authentication documentation](./shoot_access.md#structured-authentication).
```
